dates:: 2023-04-20
tags:: #log/journal #note/daily 

---
## 2023-04-20

### Quote

> Love does not consist of gazing at each other, but in looking together in the same direction.
> — <cite>Antoine de Saint-Exupéry</cite>


### Progress

- _validated_ my visual daily note
- I'm really feeling good about the invention
- The concepts related to random variables are starting to click together now
- I spent a while cleaning up my links viz-a-viz Data Science moc
- 

### Today

- [x] Get started on Chapter 14 notes ➕ 2023-04-20 🛫 2023-04-20 ✅ 2023-04-20
- [x] Really nail the second half of the first invention 🛫 2023-04-20 ✅ 2023-04-20
- [x] Choose a second piano piece to work on 🛫 2023-04-20 ✅ 2023-04-20

### Logs

#### Study Log

- Got through the first 5 sections of Chapter 14. [Study Log:: Got through the first 5 sections of Chapter 14.]

#### Output Log

- Create something

#### Piano Log

- Chose Mozart's 5th Sonata as a second piece to work on. Continued drilling on Bach.
- [Piano Log:: Chose Mozart's 5th Sonata as a second piece to work on. Continued drilling on Bach.]  [Piano Time: 30] 

#### Exercise Log

- I walked to Mariposa today. Felt really tired when I came home.
[Exercise Note:: I walked to Mariposa today. Felt really tired when I came home.], [Exercise Time:: 60] , [Exercise Type:: Walk]

#### Cooking Log

- What's cookin'


### Reflections

- I got excited this morning about designing a garden drawing for mom to record her outdoor observations.
- It would also be fun to use maps to log observations she makes on her walks
- I had forgotten about the principle/value of studying two things at a time, so I chose a second piano piece.

### Tasks

##### New


##### Overdue

```tasks
not done
due before today
```


##### Due today

```tasks
not done
due today
status.type is not IN_PROGRESS
```

##### High and medium priority

```tasks
not done
(priority is high) OR (priority is medium)
sort by priority
```

##### Others


```tasks
not done
(priority is not high) AND (priority is not medium) AND (is not recurring)
sort by priority
```


---
## Yesterday's Note

[[2023-04-19]]


